to make an origami turtle first we have
to fold the dollar bill in half
lengthwise like this after we've done
that we want to open it up and then fold
the dollar bill in half this way
open it up and then fold the right flap
diagonally along the center crease over
here like this
you want to go ahead and repeat the same
thing on the left side next what we want
to do is we want to open up the flaps
and fold it downwards diagonally along
the center crease and repeat on the
other side
once we've done that we want to fold
along this diagonal crease over here you
want to fold that upwards like this and
then fold the top diagonal crease over
here down and once you've done that you
should have this part protruding upwards
like this and what you want to do is you
want to push down with your other hand
like this and it should form a triangle
shape over here with a rectangular flap
sticking out so from the side it should
look like this and from the bottom it
should look like that so now we're going
to turn the dollar bill around and do
the same thing on the other side so
again we're going to fold the bottom
diagonal flap up like this so you can
see and then we're going to fold the top
diagonal flap down like this once you've
done that you should have this piece
which protruding outwards and we're
going to push down with our other hand
like that now you notice that these two
rectangular flaps are sort of getting in
the way of each other so what we want to
do is we want to fold the flap back like
this and now it should look like this
and like this from the side and repeat
the same thing on the left side
so that you end up with something that
looks like this
so now what we're going to do is we're
going to fold this right corner over
here in a little bit like this and if we
turn it around you can see that this is
where the turtles body is going to be so
you can shape it however much you want
so I'm going to fold the left side in
and it should look like this
and these four corners over here are
going to create the turtles legs so what
we're going to do here is we're going to
fold it at an angle and you can fold it
however much you want or how little how
little you want so I'm just going to
fold it that much repeat the same thing
on the left side and I like to turn it
over to see how it looks like from the
front so I can shape the legs the way
that I want them to like that turn it
over again and repeat the same thing
with the remaining two flaps so again
I'll turn it over to see how it looks
like from the front and then turn it
back over before folding this final flap
over here
there you go now you can leave the leg
sort of a diamond shape like that or you
can add a little bit of ornamentation
and fold it back a little bit like this
so that from the front it looks like
that
but it really doesn't make too much of a
difference and you'll repeat the same
thing with the remaining two legs so now
my turtle looks like this now to make
the head we're going to do a zigzag fold
on the top corner over here and what I'm
going to do is I'm going to fold it back
and notice how this aligns nicely right
below the word States and after I fold
it back I'm going to fold a little
portion of it back this way
and then when I turn it around you can
see it a little head sticking out and
from the side you should see the zigzag
fold over here like that and once you've
done that you've basically completed the
entire turtle but you can also go one
step further and fold the turtle in half
like this and just crease it in a little
bit on the top so that it's not as flat
as it was before and there you go you
have a completed turtle made out of $1
bail thank you so much for watching this
tutorial please like comment and
subscribe and also check out my other
free tutorials at the end of this video
as well happy folding
you